Afternoon Tea Scones
Author: Christina Conte
http://christinascucina.com/2012/05/british-afternoon-tea-scones.html
Cuisine: British
Cook time:  18 mins Total time:  18 mins
Serves: 6 to 8
 
This recipe produces a lovely, light scone, typical of those served at afternoon 
teas all across the UK.
Ingredients
2 cups (10 oz) flour (good quality flour...like King Arthur brand)
2 tsp baking powder
2 tbsp sugar
a pinch of salt
⅓ cup (2½ oz) salted butter (cold)
one egg, room temperature
½ cup (4 oz) + 1 tbsp buttermilk
(1/4 cup or 2 oz raisins or currants, optional)
Cream and jam to serve

Instructions:
-Heat oven to 400ºF (205ºC)
-In a bowl, place the dry ingredients. Mix lightly to combine.
-In a measuring jug, put the buttermilk (including the 1 tbsp.) Beat the egg in a small bowl, 
	then pour into the buttermilk. Stir to combine.
-Place the butter in the center of the dry ingredients and cut with a knife into about 16 
	pieces. Next, take another knife, or pastry blender and cut/mix the butter into the flour 
	until resembles coarse crumbs, finishing off the pastry using your hands once the pieces 
	have become quite small.
-Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients and pour in the egg and buttermilk, (reserving
	one tablespoon of liquid in the jug).
-Mix gently with a wooden spoon until a dough forms, just about 10 seconds, then place dough 
	onto a clean, well-floured surface. Form into a ball, then pat out, or roll to approximately
	¾″ in thickness. Do not knead the dough or it will make the scones tough. With sharp cutters, 
	cut out scones and place on silicone baking mat or parchment lined baking tray. Gently 
	knead scraps together and repeat until dough is finished, (make a “runt” with the remaining 
	little bit of dough). Using a pastry brush, brush the tops of the scones with the remaining 
	egg/buttermilk mixture.
-Place in middle of preheated oven for about 9 minutes, then turn tray 180º and continue to bake for another 9 minutes or until scones look golden brown on top.
-Remove from oven, and place in a towel lined basket, or on a cooling rack if you wish to serve them on a plate. Serve with butter, or real cream and jam.